Manali Hikers | ManaliHikers.com

Email: info@manalihikers.com

Phone: +919418204521

+918894663636

Home

Expeditions

Trekking

Jeep Safari

MTB

Camps

Culture Tours

About Us

Hiring

Contact Us

Home

Expeditions

Trekking

Jeep Safari

MTB

Camps

Culture Tours

About us

Hiriing

Contact US

Adventure

Adventure Camp

We organise a adventure trek in region of western Himalayas in healthy environment where it ensures the development of person/child on the basis of discipline, mental co- ordination, spirit of team work and physical development. At the same time you will get opportunities to explore the rich culture of valley, its anti seism architecture and ancients temples. Majority of habitants are farmer, Apple grows here in abundant, Majority of people lives here are Hindu, they are gentle and hospitable. Minority of Buddhist are migrated from neighbouring distt. and from Tibet. Both communities lives harmoniously

Trip Detail

Region: Kullu to Manali

Season: Mar to Nov

Duration: 7 days (7 days trek and activities)

Group Size: minimum 20 persons

Leadership: Local Leader

Cost: On Request

ITINERARY:

DAY 01: Delhi – Manali-Jagatsukh (Heritage Village)
Arrival Manali and drive 07 km to Jagatsukh and rest in the camp.
After lunch visit Gaytri Devi temple, Shikhara style Shiva temple and old Jamdagni Temple. Overnight camp.

DAY 02 Rock climbing and Reppelling
After breakfast we will move for rock climbing and reppelling.we will come back for late lunch.evning time you have choice to do track.

DAY 03: Ad hydro project tunnel point - ChikkaIn
the morning after breakfast drive 12km to AD tunnel point and from here trek 03 km to Chikka.evening River Crossing. Set out camp for overnight tents. (3350 mts)

DAY 04: Chikka - Seri (3800 mts)
Today we will gradually 08 km ascending from the valley, the trail continues to the scenic campsite at Seri. overnight tents.

DAY 05: Seri – Chandertaal-back to seri.
After breakfast trek over moraine to the small lake at Chandertaal(Base of Deotibba Peak), the birth place of the river Duhangan. acclimatization walk and back to camp. overnight tents.

DAY 06: Seri to back Chikka.
After breakfast trek back to chikka.this is a easy trek to come back with a beautiful view

DAY 07: Chikka to manali.
Chikka to manali trail winds through the beautiful pine forest, providing a extensive a bird eye view of Beas Valley .
Easy day and trek to tunnel point. From here drive manali and eveing departure by bus.

Navigation

Popular Treks

Home
Markha Valley

Expeditions
Lamayuru

Treks
Bara Bhangal

Camps
Deotiba

MTB
Malana

Culture Tours
Climbs

Hiring
Friendship Peak

Transport Service
Shetidhar Peak

Guide Hiring
Kangyatse Peak

Hire a Car
Deotiba Peak

About us
Ladakhi Peak

Enquiry

Name:

Phone No:

Email:

Message:

Copyright © Manali Hikers 2013 All Right Reserved

Subscribe Newsletter

About Us

Hi my name is Manoj Kumar.
I am the owner of Manali Hikers.
I have been grown up in the remote area of North East Himalayan region. It is pleasure to introduce ourselves as an adventure company.My story of being a Hiker starts with my ancestors.

Read More

Scroll to Top