Manali Hikers | ManaliHikers.com

Email: info@manalihikers.com

Phone: +919418204521

+918894663636

Home

Expeditions

Trekking

Jeep Safari

MTB

Camps

Culture Tours

About Us

Hiring

Contact Us

Home

Expeditions

Trekking

Jeep Safari

MTB

Camps

Culture Tours

About us

Hiriing

Contact US

Adventure

Pin Parvati Trek

This is one of the most spectacular treks in the region that takes one from the lush green Parvati valley in Kullu to the stark and barren Pin valley in Spiti. On the way is the high-altitude Maltalai lake and the Pin Parvati Pass.

The trek’s route borders the Pin Valley National Park, known for sighting of the elusive snow leopards and the Great Himalayan National Park that is famous for sightings of rare Himalayan birds like the Western Tragopan.

Trip Detail

Region: Himachal Pradesh

Max Altitude: 5300 mtr.

Season: July – September end

Duration: 13 Days,

HIGH PASSES: Pin Parvati Pass, Kunzam La and Rohtang Pass

Group Size: minimum 2 persons, maximum 14 persons.

Leadership: Local Leader

Cost: On Request

ITINERARY:

Day 01:  Arrive in Bhuntar from where a vehicle will pick you up and drop you to Manikaran.

Day 02: Manikaran – Barsheni – Khirganga (3020m)

Duration:  5 hours

Khirganga is a hot spring where Lord Shiva is said to have meditated. The difference between the spring here and in Manikaran is that after a bath in Khirganga, your skin will feel clammy and greasy whereas after a bath in the spring at Manikaran, your skin will feel dry.

Day 03: Khirganga – Tunda Bhuj (3285m)

Duration:  5 hours

The trek commences through dense forests and flower-strewn meadows. The progress is gradual and slow as it’s a steep climb to Tunda Bhuj.

Day 04: Tunda Bhuj – Thakur Kuan (3620m)

Duration:  6 hours

The trail continues through a landscape strewn with waterfalls, lakes and meadows till Thakur Kuan.

Day 05: Thakur Kuan – Odi Thach (3800m)

Duration:  5 hours

It’s another day of steep climb to reach the high altitude meadow of Odi Thach. On the path, you will cross the Pandu Bridge, which is made of a single rock on the river Parvati. It is said to made by the Pandavas during their exile in the Himalayas.

Day 06: Odi Thach – Mantalai Lake (4115m)

Duration:  9 hours

The trek up to Mantalai lake is a gradual climb. Once at the lake, you can see the Mantalai Glacier, which is the source of the river Parvati.

Day 07: Mantalai – Base of Pin Parvati Pass (4300m)

Duration:  7 hours

Ascend to the base camp of Mount Parvati which also serves as the base of the pass.

Day 08: Base of Pin Pass – Campsite over Pin Pass (4110m)

Duration:  8 hours

A steep climb takes you to Pin Pass (5300m). At the top of a large snow filled, crevassed hollow leads to the broad rocky saddle of the pass. At the top, one can see a splendid view of the snowy mountains of Hampta region on one side and the Pin valley of Spiti on the other.

Day 09: Campsite over Pin Pass – Tiai (3700m)

Duration:  5 hours

Trek along the Pin river in to the Pin Valley National park. Look out for the elusive snow leopards, musk deer and ibex.

Day 10: Tiai – Mud (3650m)

Duration:  5 hours

Trek through the barren, stark landscape of Spiti to Mud, a pretty village perched on a hillside.

Day 11: Mud – Gulling

Duration:  6 hours

Walk through the rough road up to Gulling with a grand view of the local villages and a barren land of the “middle country”. A jeep will be awaiting at Gulling and drive same day to Kaza. Overnight in Kaza.

Day 12:  Monastic sightseeing in and around Kaza. Visit the Ki monastery, Kibber village, Dhankar monastery and Tabo monastery. Return to Kaza for the night.

Day 13: Kaza – Manali

Duration:  8 hours

Drive to the Kunzum Pass, which provides the main approach to Lahaul from Spiti. From there head to Manali via Keylong, Koksar and Rohtang Pass.

Customer Itinerary

DAY 01 : Arrive Bhunter

DAY 02 : Manikaran-Barsheni -Khirganga

DAY 03 : Khirganga-Tunda Bhuj

DAY 04 : Tunda Bhuj-Thakur Kuan

DAY 05 : Thakur Kuan-Odi Thach

DAY 06 : Odi Thach-Mantalai Lake

DAY 07 : Mantalai Lake-Pin Parvati

DAY 08 : Campsite over Pin Pass

DAY 09 : Campsite over Pin Pass – Tiai

DAY 10 : Tiai – Mud

DAY 11 : Mud – Gulling

DAY 12 : Monastic Sightseeing

DAY 13 : Kaza-Manali

Navigation

Popular Treks

Home
Markha Valley

Expeditions
Lamayuru

Treks
Bara Bhangal

Camps
Deotiba

MTB
Malana

Culture Tours
Climbs

Hiring
Friendship Peak

Transport Service
Shetidhar Peak

Guide Hiring
Kangyatse Peak

Hire a Car
Deotiba Peak

About us
Ladakhi Peak

Enquiry

Name:

Phone No:

Email:

Message:

Copyright © Manali Hikers 2013 All Right Reserved

Subscribe Newsletter

About Us

Hi my name is Manoj Kumar.
I am the owner of Manali Hikers.
I have been grown up in the remote area of North East Himalayan region. It is pleasure to introduce ourselves as an adventure company.My story of being a Hiker starts with my ancestors.

Read More

Scroll to Top