Manali Hikers | ManaliHikers.com

Email: info@manalihikers.com

Phone: +919418204521

+918894663636

Home

Expeditions

Trekking

Jeep Safari

MTB

Camps

Culture Tours

About Us

Hiring

Contact Us

Home

Expeditions

Trekking

Jeep Safari

MTB

Camps

Culture Tours

About us

Hiriing

Contact US

Adventure

Spiti Valley MotorBike Tour

This tour takes you up to the incredible Spiti Valley riding through the Banjar Valley, Pin Valley& into Kinnaur. Some of the highlights include the tunning Bhimakali Temple in Sarahan and the beautiful village of Nako on the Tibetian /Chinese border.

Trip Detail

Season: Summer / June - october
Destination: Manali- Naggar- Solang Valley- Banjar Valley (Soja)- Sarahan (over Jalori Pass)- Kalpa- Naco- Kaza(over Kunzam Pass)-Chatru (camping) – Keylon (over Rohtang Pass) –Manali

Duration: 10 days/9 nights tour

Leadership: Local Leader

Minimum Group Size: 6 people

ITINERARY:

Day 1 Manali (2000mtrs): On arrival you will be warmly welcomed at Bhuntar airport (if you are flying up from Delhi) and checked into a very comfortable hotel just outside Manali. You will meet the team and have an opportunity to do some local sightseeing depending on the time you arrive.

Day 2 Manali Today you will be introduced to your Royal Enfield motorbike and have a chance to explore the local area. We ride up to the Solang Valley and out to Naggar Castle. There is a chance to visit the Nicholas Roerich museum and then visit some Hindu temples and see the Vashisht Hot Springs.

Day 3 Manali to Banjar Valley The first day takes us South towards Bajar Valley to Soja (2683 mts).From Manali we take a ride till Bhuntar where we take left turn to Parvati Valley, following Parvati river we reach Manikaran (temple complex with hot springs), have a lunch a go back to Bhuntar where aim to beautifull Bajar Valley, enjoying views around finely we reach Soja village (6km from Bajar) stay night here.

Day 4 Banjar to Sarahan (2165 mtrs)- over Jarori Pass(3134mtrs) We aim to arrive into Sarahan mid afternoon enabling a tour of the stunning Bhimakali temple. This Temple a sacred temple of the Hindus and is an architectural marvel. It is believed to be at least 800 years old.

Day 5 Sarahan to Kalpa (3300 mtrs) There are a number of temples to see in Kalpa and we stay in a comfortable hotel and enjoy the views.

Day 6 Kalpa to Nako (3663mtrs) Naco is a small village in Kinnaur and at an altitude of 3663 meters.Lake Nako in the centre of the village, formed out of the masses of ice and snow is a highlight of the Naco is dotted with at least seven temples of different periods , including a monastic complex on its western edge.

Day 7 Naco to Kaza (3700mtrs) On the way to Kaza we will pass Dankar monastery(an ancient monastery build 12 century, over a ridge. Stay night in hotel in Kaza and next morning take a ride to Key Monastery-the oldest and biggest monastic complex standing on the hill in the Spiti valley)/Kibar (4400),8km from Key village-highest village in the world with a motor able road and electricity)/evening come back to Kaza/email phone calls.

Day 8 Kaza to Chutru (camping) Today we take a day ride from the Kaza to the Chandatar Lake, have a lunch, enjoy the view, and after rest get on riding to Chutru(camping).

Day 9 Chutru to Keylong (3080 mtrs) nice hotel overlooking the valley.

Day 10 Keylong to Manali

Today last Day of tour. At Evening Farewell Dinner. Sharing emotions after journey. Hot Spring in Vashisht for relaxation. Shopping in manali, some gifts for friends. Presents from our Company for memory. Next Morning Transfer to Bhuntar Aiport, Flight to Delhi.

Exclusive:

1. All Domestic/International Flights

2. Travel/Medical Insurance

3. Over nights in Hotel

4. in case of major mechanical damage, participant will have to pay for replaced parts

5. Accident damage will have to be paid by rider

6. Cost incidental to any change in itinerary / stay on account of flight cancellation due to bad weather, ill health, and road block and/ or any factors beyond control

7. Driving gear

8. Tips, Phone Calls

9. Alcohol

Navigation

Popular Treks

Home
Markha Valley

Expeditions
Lamayuru

Treks
Bara Bhangal

Camps
Deotiba

MTB
Malana

Culture Tours
Climbs

Hiring
Friendship Peak

Transport Service
Shetidhar Peak

Guide Hiring
Kangyatse Peak

Hire a Car
Deotiba Peak

About us
Ladakhi Peak

Enquiry

Name:

Phone No:

Email:

Message:

Copyright © Manali Hikers 2013 All Right Reserved

Subscribe Newsletter

About Us

Hi my name is Manoj Kumar.
I am the owner of Manali Hikers.
I have been grown up in the remote area of North East Himalayan region. It is pleasure to introduce ourselves as an adventure company.My story of being a Hiker starts with my ancestors.

Read More

Scroll to Top