Manali Hikers | ManaliHikers.com

Email: info@manalihikers.com

Phone: +919418204521

+918894663636

Home

Expeditions

Trekking

Jeep Safari

MTB

Camps

Culture Tours

About Us

Hiring

Contact Us

Home

Expeditions

Trekking

Jeep Safari

MTB

Camps

Culture Tours

About us

Hiriing

Contact US

Adventure

Spiti Valley Cycling Tour

This tour takes you up to the incredible Spiti Valley riding through the Banjar Valley, Pin Valley& into Kinnaur. Some of the highlights include the tunning Bhimakali Temple in Sarahan and the beautiful village of Nako on the Tibetian /Chinese border.

Trip Detail

Season: Summer / June - october
Destination: Manali- Naggar- Solang Valley- Banjar Valley (Soja)- Sarahan (over Jalori Pass)- Kalpa- Naco- Kaza(over Kunzam Pass)-Chatru (camping) – Keylon (over Rohtang Pass) –Manali

Duration: 10 days/9 nights tour

Leadership: Local Leader

Minimum Group Size: 6 people

About Tour

The 800 km expedition from Manali to Shimla is one of the ultimate challenges even for the experienced mountain bikers.

Lahaul and Spiti is the largest district in Himachal Pradesh with high mountains and narrow valleys bordered by Ladakh to the north, Tibet to the east, Kinnaur to the southeast and Kullu valley to the south.

This pioneering tour takes you through the most beautiful places of northern India - the former Kingdom of Spiti. Most people in Spiti are Buddhists. Colorful gompas dominate the villages and village life.

Its Guru Padmasambhava who arrived here in the beginning of 8th century and introduced and established Mahayana Tantric Buddhism at Gungri monastery by suppressing the evil forces that opposed Buddhism by his Tantric prowess and gained a position even higher than Buddha in Lamaism. Every village has its own monastery and lamas dominate the social and cultural life of the community. Our tour combines with visits to some of these monasteries along the route.

Tour Itinerary

Day 1 Arrival Delhi, Hotel.

Day 2 Drive Delhi to Chandigargh and to Mandi, Hotel.

Day 3 Drive Mandi to Manali, 125 km. drive, Hotel.

Day 4 Bike Manali to Marhi, 35 km. Camp.

Day 5 Bike Marhi to Dadar Pul, 42 km. Camp.

Day 6 Bike Dadar Pul to Takcha, 54 km. Camp.

Day 7 Bike Takcha to Ki, 68 km. Camp.

Day 8 Bike Ki to Komik, 35 km. Camp.

Day 9 Bike Langcha to Tabo Monastery, 45 km. Camp.

Day 10 Bike Tabo to Nako, 64 km. Camp.

Day 11 Bike Nako to Jangi, 71 km. Camp.

Day 12 Bike Jangi to Sangla, 62 km. Camp.

Day 13 Bike Sangla to Shimla, 25 km. and drive 200 km. Hotel.

Day 14 Drive Shimla to Delhi (Bus and Train)

Day 15 Transfer to airport.

Navigation

Popular Treks

Home
Markha Valley

Expeditions
Lamayuru

Treks
Bara Bhangal

Camps
Deotiba

MTB
Malana

Culture Tours
Climbs

Hiring
Friendship Peak

Transport Service
Shetidhar Peak

Guide Hiring
Kangyatse Peak

Hire a Car
Deotiba Peak

About us
Ladakhi Peak

Enquiry

Name:

Phone No:

Email:

Message:

Copyright © Manali Hikers 2013 All Right Reserved

Subscribe Newsletter

About Us

Hi my name is Manoj Kumar.
I am the owner of Manali Hikers.
I have been grown up in the remote area of North East Himalayan region. It is pleasure to introduce ourselves as an adventure company.My story of being a Hiker starts with my ancestors.

Read More

Scroll to Top